plugins/auth-supertokens/README.md, before:

# @amplication/plugin-auth-supertokens

[![NPM Downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dt/@amplication/plugin-auth-supertokens)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@amplication/plugin-auth-supertokens)

Use supertokens for authentication in the service generated by Amplication.

## Purpose

This plugin adds the required code to use supertokens for authentication in the service generated by Amplication.

Supertokens is an open source Auth0 alternative. It provides 3 components that need to be setup:
the frontend SDK, the backend SDK, and the SuperTokens core service. For more information on
these, you can check the supertokens docs (https://supertokens.com/docs/emailpassword/introduction#architecture).

Authentication methods are setup with the use of recipes.

This plugin generates code for the email password recipe that allows users to be authenticated with
their emails and passwords, the passwordless recipe that allows users to be authenticated with only their
phone numbers or emails, the third party recipe that allows users to be authenticated using third party
providers like Google, phone password recipe that allows users to be authenticated using their
phone number and passwords and combinations of third party with other recipes that SuperTokens provides
guides for on their guides page: https://supertokens.com/docs/guides.

It updates the following parts:

- Adds the required dependencies to `package.json`, both for the server and the admin UI.
- Adds the required environment variables to `.env`, both for the server and the admin UI.
- Adds code for the authentication based on supertokens backend SDK to the `auth` directory.
- Adds some setup in the `connectMicroservices.ts` file.
- It modifies the settings, allowing CORS only from the supertokens configured website domain.
- It disables the graphql playground and sets the CORS settings for graphql.

Amplication uses roles for authorization. The generated code integrates with this and only uses SuperTokens for authentication.

## Configuration

The settings for this plugin looks like this:

```js
export interface Settings {
  apiDomain: string;
  appName: string;
  websiteDomain: string;
  websiteBasePath: string;
  apiBasePath: string;
  connectionUri: string;
  apiGatewayPath: string;
  apiKey: string;
  supertokensIdFieldName: string;
  recipe: {
    /* Recipe Settings */
  };
}
```

The `apiDomain` specified will become the `SUPERTOKENS_API_DOMAIN` environment variable in the server's
.env file and `REACT_APP_SUPERTOKENS_API_DOMAIN` in the admin UI's .env file. This will be used as the
`apiDomain` value in the SuperTokens appInfo configuration.

The `appName` specified will become the `SUPERTOKENS_APP_NAME` environment variable in the server's .env
file and the `REACT_APP_SUPERTOKENS_APP_NAME` in the admin UI's .env file. This will be used as the
`appName` value in the SuperTokens appInfo configuration.

The `websiteDomain` specified will become the `SUPERTOKENS_WEBSITE_DOMAIN` environment variable in the
server's .env file and the `REACT_APP_SUPERTOKENS_WEBSITE_DOMAIN` environment variable in the admin UI's .env
file. The will be used as the `websiteDomain` value in the SuperTokens appInfo configuration.

The `websiteBasePath` specified will become the `SUPERTOKENS_WEBSITE_BASE_PATH` environment variable in the
server's .env file. This will be used as the `websiteBasePath` value in the server SuperTokens appInfo
configuration.

The `apiBasePath` specified will become the `SUPERTOKENS_API_BASE_PATH` environment variable in the server's
.env file and the `REACT_APP_SUPERTOKENS_API_BASE_PATH` in the admin UI's .env file. This will be used as the
`apiBasePath` value in the SuperTokens appInfo configuration.

The `connectionUri` specified will become the `SUPERTOKENS_CONNECTION_URI` environment variable in the
server's .env file. This will be used as the `connectionUri` value in the server's SuperTokens
configuration.

The `apiGatewayPath` specified will become the `SUPERTOKENS_API_GATEWAY_PATH` environment variable in the
server's .env file. This will be used as the `apiGatewatPath` value in the server's appInfo SuperTokens
configuration.

The `apiKey` specified will become the `SUPERTOKENS_API_KEY` environment variable in the server's .env file.
This will be used as the `apiKey` value in the server's SuperTokens configuration.

The `supertokensIdFieldName` is the name of the field that will hold a user's SuperTokens ID in the auth entity. An error will be thrown if the field does not exist on the auth entity.

The `recipe` setting is an object whose properties depend on which authentication recipe code is being
generated for. It always has a `name` property which indicates the name of the authentication method
being used.

For more info about the SuperTokens appInfo settings: https://supertokens.com/docs/emailpassword/appinfo

### Email Password Configuration

For the email password recipe, the recipe setting is like:

```js
type Recipe = {
  name: "emailpassword"
};
```

### Passwordless Configuration

The passwordless recipe setting:

```js
type Recipe = {
  name: "passwordless",
  flowType: "USER_INPUT_CODE_AND_MAGIC_LINK" | "USER_INPUT_CODE" | "MAGIC_LINK",
  contactMethod: "EMAIL" | "PHONE" | "EMAIL_OR_PHONE",
};
```

The `flowType` and `contactMethod` settings are used to configure SuperTokens. They are also used to determine
which code should be added in the admin UI's login page.

### Third Party Configuration

The thirdparty recipe setting:

```js
type Recipe = {
  name: "thirdparty",
  google?: {
    clientId: string,
    clientSecret?: string,
    additionalConfig?: { [key: string]: string },
  },
  github?: {
    clientId: string,
    clientSecret?: string,
    additionalConfig?: { [key: string]: string },
  },
  apple?: {
    clientId: string,
    clientSecret?: string,
    additionalConfig?: { [key: string]: string },
  },
  twitter?: {
    clientId: string,
    clientSecret?: string,
    additionalConfig?: { [key: string]: string },
  },
};
```

The client ID, client secret and/or additional configurations specified for each desired third party
provider will be used to configure SuperTokens and to generate code for the admin UI's login page.

### Third Party Email Password Configuration

The settings for the thirdpartyemailpassword is identical to that of the thirdparty settings.
Code to store emails and passwords in the local database is only generated for the emailpassword recipe.

### Third Party Passwordless Configuration

The settings for this is a combination of the passwordless and the thirdparty recipe settings.
The `flowType`, `contactMethod` and third party provider settings have to be set.

### Phone Password Configuration

This recipe doesn't require any additional configuration.

### Default Configuration

If no configuration is provided the .amplicationrc.json file will use be used as the default values.

```json
{
  "apiDomain": "http://localhost:3000",
  "appName": "Amplication App",
  "websiteDomain": "http://localhost:3001",
  "websiteBasePath": "/auth",
  "apiBasePath": "/api/auth",
  "connectionUri": "https://try.supertokens.com",
  "apiGatewayPath": "",
  "apiKey": "",
  "supertokensIdFieldName": "supertokensId",
  "recipe": {
    "name": "emailpassword"
  }
}
```

## Scripts

### `build`

Running `npm run build` will bundle your plugin with Webpack for production.

### `dev`

Running `npm run dev` will watch your plugin's source code and automatically bundle it with every change.

### `test`

Running `npm run test` will run the plugin's test suite.

## Usage

The auth-core plugin must be installed for this plugin to work.

To configure supertokens, set the following environment variables in the server's .env file

SUPERTOKENS_CONNECTION_URI - The url link to the supertokens core.

SUPERTOKENS_APP_NAME - The name of the app.

SUPERTOKENS_API_DOMAIN - The API domain.

SUPERTOKENS_WEBSITE_DOMAIN - The website domain.

SUPERTOKENS_API_BASE_PATH - The API server base path for the auth urls.

SUPERTOKENS_WEBSITE_BASE_PATH - The website base path.

SUPERTOKENS_API_KEY - The supertokens API key.

SUPERTOKENS_API_GATEWAY_PATH - The API gateway path.

In the admin UI's .env file,

REACT_APP_SUPERTOKENS_APP_NAME corresponds to the server's SUPERTOKENS_APP_NAME
REACT_APP_SUPERTOKENS_API_DOMAIN corresponds to the server's SUPERTOKENS_API_DOMAIN
REACT_APP_SUPERTOKENS_WEBSITE_DOMAIN corresponds to the server's SUPERTOKENS_WEBSITE_DOMAIN
REACT_APP_SUPERTOKENS_API_BASE_PATH corresponds to the server's SUPERTOKENS_API_BASE_PATH

The generated code creates a new user in the DB upon user creation with the user's SuperTokens ID stored in the `supertokensIdFieldName` field.

You have to manually create the corresponding supertokens user on the supertokens core and store the ID in the user's
`supertokensId` field.

Commit message:

chore(auth-core): updated readme, removed unneeded imports in generated seed file

plugins/auth-supertokens/README.md, after:

# @amplication/plugin-auth-supertokens

[![NPM Downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dt/@amplication/plugin-auth-supertokens)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@amplication/plugin-auth-supertokens)

Use supertokens for authentication in the service generated by Amplication.

## Purpose

This plugin adds the required code to use supertokens for authentication in the service generated by Amplication.

Supertokens is an open source Auth0 alternative. It provides 3 components that need to be setup:
the frontend SDK, the backend SDK, and the SuperTokens core service. For more information on
these, you can check the supertokens docs (https://supertokens.com/docs/emailpassword/introduction#architecture).

Authentication methods are setup with the use of recipes.

This plugin generates code for the email password recipe that allows users to be authenticated with
their emails and passwords, the passwordless recipe that allows users to be authenticated with only their
phone numbers or emails, the third party recipe that allows users to be authenticated using third party
providers like Google, phone password recipe that allows users to be authenticated using their
phone number and passwords and combinations of third party with other recipes that SuperTokens provides
guides for on their guides page: https://supertokens.com/docs/guides.

It updates the following parts:

- Adds the required dependencies to `package.json`, both for the server and the admin UI.
- Adds the required environment variables to `.env`, both for the server and the admin UI.
- Adds code for the authentication based on supertokens backend SDK to the `auth` directory.
- Adds some setup in the `connectMicroservices.ts` file.
- It modifies the settings, allowing CORS only from the supertokens configured website domain.
- It disables the graphql playground and sets the CORS settings for graphql.

Amplication uses roles for authorization. The generated code integrates with this and only uses SuperTokens for authentication.

You will also need to setup the SuperTokens core which is what handles the storage of user data.
You can follow this guide: https://supertokens.com/docs/emailpassword/nestjs/guide#10-setup-the-supertokens-core
to set it up.

## Configuration

The settings for this plugin looks like this:

```js
export interface Settings {
  apiDomain: string;
  appName: string;
  websiteDomain: string;
  websiteBasePath: string;
  apiBasePath: string;
  connectionUri: string;
  apiGatewayPath: string;
  apiKey: string;
  supertokensIdFieldName: string;
  recipe: {
    /* Recipe Settings */
  };
}
```

The `apiDomain` specified will become the `SUPERTOKENS_API_DOMAIN` environment variable in the server's
.env file and `REACT_APP_SUPERTOKENS_API_DOMAIN` in the admin UI's .env file. This will be used as the
`apiDomain` value in the SuperTokens appInfo configuration.

The `appName` specified will become the `SUPERTOKENS_APP_NAME` environment variable in the server's .env
file and the `REACT_APP_SUPERTOKENS_APP_NAME` in the admin UI's .env file. This will be used as the
`appName` value in the SuperTokens appInfo configuration.

The `websiteDomain` specified will become the `SUPERTOKENS_WEBSITE_DOMAIN` environment variable in the
server's .env file and the `REACT_APP_SUPERTOKENS_WEBSITE_DOMAIN` environment variable in the admin UI's .env
file. The will be used as the `websiteDomain` value in the SuperTokens appInfo configuration.

The `websiteBasePath` specified will become the `SUPERTOKENS_WEBSITE_BASE_PATH` environment variable in the
server's .env file. This will be used as the `websiteBasePath` value in the server SuperTokens appInfo
configuration.

The `apiBasePath` specified will become the `SUPERTOKENS_API_BASE_PATH` environment variable in the server's
.env file and the `REACT_APP_SUPERTOKENS_API_BASE_PATH` in the admin UI's .env file. This will be used as the
`apiBasePath` value in the SuperTokens appInfo configuration.

The `connectionUri` specified will become the `SUPERTOKENS_CONNECTION_URI` environment variable in the
server's .env file. This will be used as the `connectionUri` value in the server's SuperTokens
configuration.

The `apiGatewayPath` specified will become the `SUPERTOKENS_API_GATEWAY_PATH` environment variable in the
server's .env file. This will be used as the `apiGatewatPath` value in the server's appInfo SuperTokens
configuration.

The `apiKey` specified will become the `SUPERTOKENS_API_KEY` environment variable in the server's .env file.
This will be used as the `apiKey` value in the server's SuperTokens configuration.

The `supertokensIdFieldName` is the name of the field that will hold a user's SuperTokens ID in the auth entity. An error will be thrown if the field does not exist on the auth entity.

The `recipe` setting is an object whose properties depend on which authentication recipe code is being
generated for. It always has a `name` property which indicates the name of the authentication method
being used.

For more info about the SuperTokens appInfo settings: https://supertokens.com/docs/emailpassword/appinfo

### Email Password Configuration

For the email password recipe, the recipe setting is like:

```js
type Recipe = {
  name: "emailpassword"
};
```

### Passwordless Configuration

The passwordless recipe setting:

```js
type Recipe = {
  name: "passwordless",
  flowType: "USER_INPUT_CODE_AND_MAGIC_LINK" | "USER_INPUT_CODE" | "MAGIC_LINK",
  contactMethod: "EMAIL" | "PHONE" | "EMAIL_OR_PHONE",
};
```

The `flowType` and `contactMethod` settings are used to configure SuperTokens. They are also used to determine
which code should be added in the admin UI's login page.

### Third Party Configuration

The thirdparty recipe setting:

```js
type Recipe = {
  name: "thirdparty",
  google?: {
    clientId: string,
    clientSecret?: string,
    additionalConfig?: { [key: string]: string },
  },
  github?: {
    clientId: string,
    clientSecret?: string,
    additionalConfig?: { [key: string]: string },
  },
  apple?: {
    clientId: string,
    clientSecret?: string,
    additionalConfig?: { [key: string]: string },
  },
  twitter?: {
    clientId: string,
    clientSecret?: string,
    additionalConfig?: { [key: string]: string },
  },
};
```

The client ID, client secret and/or additional configurations specified for each desired third party
provider will be used to configure SuperTokens and to generate code for the admin UI's login page.

### Third Party Email Password Configuration

The settings for the thirdpartyemailpassword is identical to that of the thirdparty settings.
Code to store emails and passwords in the local database is only generated for the emailpassword recipe.

### Third Party Passwordless Configuration

The settings for this is a combination of the passwordless and the thirdparty recipe settings.
The `flowType`, `contactMethod` and third party provider settings have to be set.

### Phone Password Configuration

This recipe doesn't require any additional configuration.

### Default Configuration

If no configuration is provided the .amplicationrc.json file will use be used as the default values.

```json
{
  "apiDomain": "http://localhost:3000",
  "appName": "Amplication App",
  "websiteDomain": "http://localhost:3001",
  "websiteBasePath": "/auth",
  "apiBasePath": "/api/auth",
  "connectionUri": "https://try.supertokens.com",
  "apiGatewayPath": "",
  "apiKey": "",
  "supertokensIdFieldName": "supertokensId",
  "recipe": {
    "name": "emailpassword"
  }
}
```

## Scripts

### `build`

Running `npm run build` will bundle your plugin with Webpack for production.

### `dev`

Running `npm run dev` will watch your plugin's source code and automatically bundle it with every change.

### `test`

Running `npm run test` will run the plugin's test suite.

## Usage

The auth-core plugin must be installed for this plugin to work.

To configure supertokens, set the following environment variables in the server's .env file

SUPERTOKENS_CONNECTION_URI - The url link to the supertokens core.

SUPERTOKENS_APP_NAME - The name of the app.

SUPERTOKENS_API_DOMAIN - The API domain.

SUPERTOKENS_WEBSITE_DOMAIN - The website domain.

SUPERTOKENS_API_BASE_PATH - The API server base path for the auth urls.

SUPERTOKENS_WEBSITE_BASE_PATH - The website base path.

SUPERTOKENS_API_KEY - The supertokens API key.

SUPERTOKENS_API_GATEWAY_PATH - The API gateway path.

In the admin UI's .env file,

REACT_APP_SUPERTOKENS_APP_NAME corresponds to the server's SUPERTOKENS_APP_NAME
REACT_APP_SUPERTOKENS_API_DOMAIN corresponds to the server's SUPERTOKENS_API_DOMAIN
REACT_APP_SUPERTOKENS_WEBSITE_DOMAIN corresponds to the server's SUPERTOKENS_WEBSITE_DOMAIN
REACT_APP_SUPERTOKENS_API_BASE_PATH corresponds to the server's SUPERTOKENS_API_BASE_PATH

The generated code creates a new user in the DB upon user creation with the user's SuperTokens ID stored in the `supertokensIdFieldName` field.

You have to manually create the corresponding supertokens user on the supertokens core and store the ID in the user's
`supertokensId` field.
